<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Store][1]
    -   [set][2]
        -   [Parameters][3]
    -   [setAsync][4]
        -   [Parameters][5]
    -   [get][6]
        -   [Parameters][7]
    -   [delete][8]
        -   [Parameters][9]
    -   [deleteAsync][10]
        -   [Parameters][11]
    -   [has][12]
        -   [Parameters][13]
    -   [reset][14]
    -   [resetAsync][15]
    -   [keys][16]
    -   [values][17]
    -   [setGateKeeper][18]
        -   [Parameters][19]
    -   [isLocked][20]
    -   [lock][21]
    -   [unlock][22]
    -   [onSet][23]
        -   [Parameters][24]
    -   [onDelete][25]
        -   [Parameters][26]

## Store

**Extends EventManager**

A store is a place to store 'key:value' tuples. A key is generally a string
and unique identifier within the store. The value can be anything.

This store provides some events, such as 'valueSet', 'set:{key}', 'valueDeleted',
'del:{key}' and 'reseted'. Those event can be subscribed to with the following:

```js
myStoreInstance.on( THE_EVENT_NAME, (val) => {
  // do something
})
```

### set

Add or update a value in the store, under the name of the key.
Throw the events:

-   'valueDeleted' with the argument {key: string, value: any, previousValue: any}
-   'set:{key}' where {key} is the key as a string, with the argument {key: string, value: any, previousValue: any}

#### Parameters

-   `key` **([string][27] \| [number][28])** identifier of the value
-   `value` **any** the value
-   `forceLock` **[boolean][29]** bypass the locked after the .lock() methods was called. (optional, default `false`)

Returns **[string][27]** the key as a string

### setAsync

Add or update a value in the store, under the name of the key. Async.
Throw the events:

-   'valueDeleted' with the argument {key: string, value: any, previousValue: any}
-   'set:{key}' where {key} is the key as a string, with the argument {key: string, value: any, previousValue: any}

#### Parameters

-   `key` **([string][27] \| [number][28])** identifier of the value
-   `value` **any** the value
-   `forceLock` **[boolean][29]** bypass the locked after the .lock() methods was called. (optional, default `false`)

Returns **[string][27]** the key as a string

### get

Retrieve the value corresponding to the 'key'

#### Parameters

-   `key` **([string][27] \| [number][28])** identifier of the value

Returns **(any | [undefined][30])** the value, possibly 'undefined' if not in store

### delete

Delete a value from the store, using its key as identifier.
Throw the events:

-   'valueDeleted' with the argument {key: string, value: any}
-   'del:{key}' where {key} is the key as a string, with the argument {key: string, value: any}

#### Parameters

-   `key` **([string][27] \| [number][28])** identifier of the value

Returns **[boolean][29]** true if the value was successfully deleted, false if not (because not found)

### deleteAsync

Delete a value from the store, using its key as identifier. Async.
Throw the events:

-   'valueDeleted' with the argument {key: string, value: any}
-   'del:{key}' where {key} is the key as a string, with the argument {key: string, value: any}

#### Parameters

-   `key` **([string][27] \| [number][28])** identifier of the value

Returns **[boolean][29]** true if the value was successfully deleted, false if not (because not found)

### has

Check if a given key is in the store

#### Parameters

-   `key` **([string][27] \| [number][28])** identifier of the value

Returns **[boolean][29]** true if is in store, false if not

### reset

Flush the store, remove everything.
Throw the event 'reseted' with no argument.

### resetAsync

Flush the store, remove everything. Async.
Throw the event 'reseted' with no argument.

### keys

Get all the keys in the store

Returns **[Array][31]** array of strings

### values

Get all the values from the store, without the keys

Returns **[Array][31]** 

### setGateKeeper

Define the gate keeper function.
This function is a data validator for the .set method. It takes two arguments
(the key and the value of the piece of data to add) and returns true (valid to be added)
of false (not valid to be added). If the object is non valid to be added, then the event
'refused' is emitted, with the arg {key, value}.
If the gatekeeper function is no set or set to null, the feature is not used and no
control will happen on the call of the .set method/

#### Parameters

-   `fn` **([function][32] | null)** the gatekeeper function

### isLocked

Check if the store is locked

Returns **[boolean][29]** 

### lock

Lock the store, so that the .set method cannot be used unless the
arg forceLock is set to true.

### unlock

No longer use the lock

### onSet

Add an event to when a key is being set. Equivalent to `on('set:keyName, fn)` but shorter

#### Parameters

-   `key` **[String][27]** unique key of an entry in the store
-   `fn` **callback** callback function for when this key is being set

### onDelete

Add an event to when a key is being deleted. Equivalent to `on('del:keyName, fn)` but shorter

#### Parameters

-   `key` **[String][27]** unique key of an entry in the store
-   `fn` **callback** callback function for when this key is being deleted

[1]: #store

[2]: #set

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #setasync

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #get

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #delete

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: #deleteasync

[11]: #parameters-4

[12]: #has

[13]: #parameters-5

[14]: #reset

[15]: #resetasync

[16]: #keys

[17]: #values

[18]: #setgatekeeper

[19]: #parameters-6

[20]: #islocked

[21]: #lock

[22]: #unlock

[23]: #onset

[24]: #parameters-7

[25]: #ondelete

[26]: #parameters-8

[27]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[28]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[29]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[30]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[31]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[32]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
